##################################################################
#
#    INSTALLATION Instructions for the UMLS-Similarity Package
#    $Id: INSTALL.pod,v 1.4 2009/01/14 15:54:20 btmcinnes Exp $ 
##################################################################

=head1

UMLS-Similarity

=head1 TESTING PLATFORMS


UMLS-Interface has been developed and tested on Linux and Solaris, 
primarily using Perl and the C shell (csh).

=head1 REQUIREMENTS

UMLS-Interface REQUIRES that the following software be installed. 
More details on how to obtain and install appear below. 

--Programming Languages
Perl (version 5.8.5 or better)

--CPAN modules
UMLS::Interface

=head1 PROGGRAMMING LANGUAGES

=head2 Perl (version 5.8.5 or better)

Perl is freely available at http://www.perl.org. It is very likely that 
you will already have Perl installed if you are using a Unix/Linux based 
system. 

=head1 CPAN MODULES

=head2 UMLS-Interface

Please see the UMLS-Interface documentation.

=head1 INSTALLATION 

If you have supervisor access, or have configured MCPAN for local 
install, you can install via: 

perl -MCPAN -e shell
> install UMLS-Similarity


If not, you can, "manually" install by downloading the *.tar.gz file,  
unpacking, and executing the following commands. 

perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=/space/kulka020/Bit-Vector LIB=/space/kulka020/MyPerlLib
make
make test
make install

Note that the PREFIX and LIB settings are just examples to help you create 
a local install, if you do not have supervisor (su) access. 

You must include /space/kulka020/MyPerlLib in your PERL5LIB environment 
variable to access this module when running.

If you have the super-user access, then you can install UMLS-Similarity 
into system directories via :
	
		perl Makefile.PL
		make
		make install
	 	make clean

The exact location of where UMLS-Similarity will be installed 
depends on your system configuration. A message will be printed 
out after 'make install' telling your exactly where it was installed. 
